FEEDBACK.md, before:

# Feedback on Project Work
## Nathan Everett

In this file, I will compile your feedback (and grade) for your project homework problems in reverse chronological order. Please do not alter this file and if you do, make sure to add and commit the new version to your repository before turning in the next assignment. Thanks, Danny

## Assignment 3

Nathan, I'm glad that you found the two papers that you read this week a bit accessible. AJP can be a good resource to help you get started. I would have liked to see a bit more on your interpretation of the mathematical models the papers were using to explain the effects they analyzed. I assume that will be present in the paper draft that you are working on in two weeks. You will want to make sure that you can explain those models well.

* Score: 18/20

## Assignment 2

Nathan, I think you found some good resources, but see my feedback below for a couple that might be good for next week. They will be a bit more readable, and also have some of the mathematical details you will want. This is because I want you to dig into some of the mathematical models as you begin to understand more deeply what this effect is and how people go about modeling it. I think the AJP articles will help you a lot in this respect.

* Score: 18/20

## Assignment 1

Nathan, I'm writing this feedback a week late because I just got your assignment 1. It looks very good and I'm glad that it's motivated by your future interests. That's important that you find this interesting and helps you with your future work. I think digging specifcally into the Meisnner effect is a good one. I'm going to provide you with some additional resources that might be a touch more readable to start. I find AJP a bit more readable to start:
https://aapt.scitation.org/doi/full/10.1119/1.3662027
https://aapt.scitation.org/doi/abs/10.1119/1.1976729

* Score: 20/20

Commit message:

updated with feedback for HW4

FEEDBACK.md, after:

# Feedback on Project Work
## Nathan Everett

In this file, I will compile your feedback (and grade) for your project homework problems in reverse chronological order. Please do not alter this file and if you do, make sure to add and commit the new version to your repository before turning in the next assignment. Thanks, Danny

## Assignment 4

Nathan, this is a good start to your paper and I think I have a sense of where you are going. I think there's a few bits of feedback that I have for you. (1) You should reference the papers that you are drawing from directly in your paper (i.e., as citations). (2) I think your writing style is nice for this kind of papers - it's more like a science magazine and that's a fine style for this paper, so keep it up. Finally, (3) I do think you need more detail on the realtionship between the conceptual descriptions and the eventual mathematical models and results you will present in your paper. So just pay attention to that as you are working on the next bits of the paper. What you have now conceptually is very good, but that relationship between the ceonptual and mathematical makes a stronger paper.

* Score: 20/20

## Assignment 3

Nathan, I'm glad that you found the two papers that you read this week a bit accessible. AJP can be a good resource to help you get started. I would have liked to see a bit more on your interpretation of the mathematical models the papers were using to explain the effects they analyzed. I assume that will be present in the paper draft that you are working on in two weeks. You will want to make sure that you can explain those models well.

* Score: 18/20

## Assignment 2

Nathan, I think you found some good resources, but see my feedback below for a couple that might be good for next week. They will be a bit more readable, and also have some of the mathematical details you will want. This is because I want you to dig into some of the mathematical models as you begin to understand more deeply what this effect is and how people go about modeling it. I think the AJP articles will help you a lot in this respect.

* Score: 18/20

## Assignment 1

Nathan, I'm writing this feedback a week late because I just got your assignment 1. It looks very good and I'm glad that it's motivated by your future interests. That's important that you find this interesting and helps you with your future work. I think digging specifcally into the Meisnner effect is a good one. I'm going to provide you with some additional resources that might be a touch more readable to start. I find AJP a bit more readable to start:
https://aapt.scitation.org/doi/full/10.1119/1.3662027
https://aapt.scitation.org/doi/abs/10.1119/1.1976729

* Score: 20/20
